#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=tutorial --output-file=binder/requirements.txt pyproject.toml
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
bottleneck==1.3.8
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5netcdf==1.3.0
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
h5py==3.10.0
    # via h5netcdf
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.18.1
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.24
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.5
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.4
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.3
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   bottleneck
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   rasterio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   snuggs
    #   xarray
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   h5netcdf
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   rioxarray
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   scores (pyproject.toml)
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.20.0
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via rioxarray
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rasterio==1.3.9
    # via
    #   rioxarray
    #   scores (pyproject.toml)
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.2
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rioxarray==0.15.0
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via scores (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scores (pyproject.toml)
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
xarray==2024.3.0
    # via
    #   rioxarray
    #   scores (pyproject.toml)
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
